the same it's a lot of people you know
way too many people that we can count
because we're so famous and so beautiful
usually I'm modeling though everyone
Travis conferred here at the pro-am
event for fortnight joined by Dylan
Francis and Preet Pete Wentz gonna talk
a little bit about the event so first
off how did you guys end up here did you
play for tonight hot like is are you
into gaming what's sort of how did you
end up here as Pete's getting his drink
order in funny enough I've been talking
to a couple of guys at four night for
like the player or for what is it I
guess
partnerships with with people outside
and like we have another thing going on
not specifically with them but we were
talking to them through that and then
they were like hey we're doing this
charity event would you love to be in
and I was like absolutely I suck it for
tonight but let's go so I don't know
what probably the same thing right
similar sort drugged kidnapped woke up
here you know it's all good I got some
as far as getting drugged and kidnapped
go this is a good place to wake up I
think I'm playing for my freedom right
now if you got in the in the first ten
you just stay until next year Wow in the
club gonna be there forever well
hopefully things work out well for you
onstage
I have you guys period Jericho is my
soulmate that's what I'm playing with
and we came dressed in the same attire
because we love each other
did you coordinate beforehand yeah yeah
absolutely I picked to play with him I
was like I think everyone in this room
is about to die because like we have a
like an official glitch in the matrix if
they don't know each other what what is
it I mean have you this is the first
time you guys have done anything kind of
in the gaming world right no I played
like parties for discord I think I've
done two parties for discord so shout
out to them they're the best people in
the world and then I played comic-con a
while ago I bet you've done comic-con
yeah I've stood next to a wax figure of
Master Chief pretty cool you know my mom
liked the pictures a lot
I was how is this audience compared to
you and like the vibe here compared to
the the places you guys tend to be in
the scenes you tend to be in it's the
same it's a lot of people you know way
too many people that we can count
because we're so famous and so beautiful
usually I'm modeling though I reckon his
model yeah this guy's awesome he was
like he doesn't care you know as we
weren't people just what interview going
through or how are you guys going to do
in this today oh man
Pete and I are probably can do exactly
the same we're gonna win I'm gonna
unplug my controller and my 9 year old
is gonna play for me on an iPad in the
crowd she's the man style I permit it I
feel like that should be permitted also
I kind of wanted to play
I wanted to play mobile go in and then
be like if I lost back dude you guys
only won because I was on hold on I
think it's a good way it's a good excuse
it's a good excuse yeah do you think you
guys want to say to any of the fortnight
fans out there oh we love you keep keep
drinking those chug jugs thanks for
fucking killing me with the pickaxe
forget thinking so much for the
interview best of luck today yep